Paste a link to your [USERNAME].github.io repository. ** https://github.com/gifcompatible/gifcompatible.github.io **
Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person. **In GitHub, Click on the plus sign next to your avatar in the upper right, select New Repository and fill out the information there (give it name, make it public, check the box to initialize with README, choose a license), click Create Repository, Open your terminal and use commands to get to the folder you want to clone the repo to, copy the URL for the repo by clicking the "copy to clipboard button" in GitHub (next to New File"), In your terminal type "git clone [pasted repo URL]" and hit enter**
Describe what open source means. **Publically available for collaborative editing.**
What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia? **My opinion may change as I become a better developer, but as of now I think Open Source sounds pretty cool.  There are many sites that I look at and wish the site-creators would make certain changes to, but for one reason or another that may not be something they ever get to, and Open Source allows for such changes to occur without having to bother the OG devs that created it.  And that's pretty cool.**
Assess the importance of using licenses. **Licenses provide different levels of protection, allow for credit to be given, and for terms of use and cost to be specified.  Depending on the type of license selected, these aspects change.**
What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with? **I struggle/struggled with remembering to create feature branches after creating the repo...I keep just diving right into the master trying to make commits right on there.**
Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it. **Not really.**